Issue and PR templates (#124)
bemanproject/exemplar: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--

> Please follow our code of conduct when engaging in the beman community:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow our code of conduct when engaging in the Beman community:
```

https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
-->

<!--
Thank you for your contribution!

If you are updating project structure or build configs:

> - Make sure your contribution does not go against the beman standard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure your contribution does not go against the Beman Standard:
```

>   https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Author: Oh I think I meant to put the link to the beman standard here, thanks for catching that!

> - For new CMake arguments/ presets: please make sure you added appropriate CI tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For new CMake arguments / presets: please make sure you added appropriate CI tests.
```

If you are updating documentations:
- Make sure badges and pictures does not impact readability.

If you are updating any implementation details:
- Make sure you submit appropriate testing.

> We encourage small & incremental additions instead of large redesigns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage small and incremental additions instead of large redesigns.
```

They are easier and faster to review.
They are also less likely to introduce bugs.

While we do not formally adopt this guide as a standard,
we encourage you to read and consider:
"The CL author’s guide to getting through code review".
https://google.github.io/eng-practices/review/developer/

Regardless, feel free to open a PR on your existing changes.
We appreciate the suggestion and will help out.

Please run pre-commit against your change to comply with our linting rules.
The command to check all files in the directory is:

> pre-commit run --all-files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ pre-commit run --all-files
```

-->

> <!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->

Reviewer 2: why is this needed?

Reviewer 2: sure -- well top level headings are sometimes renderer as too large and overbearing -- of course css can in theory fix that.  No matter what, I find it disappointing that the exemplar repo has to silence the checking tool

Author: Yeah I do agree the current checking tool is very pedantic sometimes.

## Description

Please describe your contribution in a single sentence.

## Related Issues

<!-- use magic keywords like "fix" to close issues linked to this PR automatically -->

## Motivation and Context

> Explain why this change.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Explain why this change is needed.
```

<!--
Please follow our code of conduct when engaging in the beman community:
https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
-->

<!--
Thank you for your contribution!

If you are updating project structure or build configs:
- Make sure your contribution does not go against the beman standard:
  https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
- For new CMake arguments/ presets: please make sure you added appropriate CI tests.

If you are updating documentations:
- Make sure badges and pictures does not impact readability.

If you are updating any implementation details:
- Make sure you submit appropriate testing.

We encourage small & incremental additions instead of grand remakes.
They are easier and faster to review.
They are also less likely to introduce bugs.

While we do not endorse this as our guideline,
we encourage you to checkout and follow
"The CL author’s guide to getting through code review".
https://google.github.io/eng-practices/review/developer/

> If this is a bit overwhelming,
> feel free to open a PR on your existing changes,
> we will help out.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Regardless, feel free to open a PR on your existing changes.
We appreciate the suggestion and will help out.
```

Please run pre-commit against your change to comply with our linting rules.
The command to check all files in the directory is:
pre-commit run --all-files
-->

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Description

Please describe your contribution in a single sentence.

## Related Issues

<!-- use magic keywords like "fix" to close issues linked to this PR automatically -->

## Motivation and Context

Explain why this change.

## Testing

Explain how is this tested.

> - [ ] I have run pre-commit on latest my change.

Reviewer 4: Aren't the pre-commit and other CI checks automated? Do we need a checklist item for this?

How would the submitter necessarily know who relevant people are?

> - [ ] I have run pre-commit on latest my change.

Author: I don't think review and CI is needed here.

GitHub gives info about this directly at the PR page.

The reason I have this pre-commit check is because people who isn't aware of our linting infrastructure may come in and submit a change that causes a lot of linting errors.

GitHub Action comments gets a bit spammy at that point.

<!--
Please follow our code of conduct when engaging in the Beman community:
https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
-->

<!--
Thank you for your contribution!

If you are updating project structure or build configs:

> - Make sure your contribution does not go against the Beman Standard:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- Make sure your contribution conforms to the Beman Standard:
```

  https://github.com/bemanproject/beman/blob/main/docs/BEMAN_STANDARD.md
- For new CMake arguments / presets: please make sure you added appropriate CI tests.

> If you are updating documentations:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
If you are updating documentation:
```

- Make sure badges and pictures does not impact readability.

> If you are updating any implementation details:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
If you are updating implementations:
```

Regardless, feel free to open a PR on your existing changes.
We appreciate the suggestion and will help out.

Please run pre-commit against your change to comply with our linting rules.
The command to check all files in the directory is:
$ pre-commit run --all-files
-->

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Description

Please describe your contribution in a single sentence.

## Related Issues

<!-- use magic keywords like "fix" to close issues linked to this PR automatically -->

## Motivation and Context

Explain why this change is needed.

## Testing

Explain how is this tested.

## Meta

<!--
The convention in Beman is for the PR author to merge the PR once it's ready.
You can check this box to indicate that you would like Beman members to merge the PR
for you when appropropriate reviews have passed.

Please note that:
1. Stale PR may still be merged by a Beman member,
if you need significant time to work on your PR,
leave a comment and change it's status to draft.
2. If you are not a member of Beman project,
you may not have the permission necessary to merge a PR.
-->

Please pick one:

- [ ] Once this PR is approved, I will and perfer to merge this PR myself.

> - [ ] Once this PR is approved, Beman members can merge this PR for me.

Author: I will take your suggestion.

Explain how is this tested.

## Meta

<!--

> The convention in beman is for the PR author to merge the PR once it's ready,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The convention in Beman is for the PR author to merge the PR once it's ready.
```

> you can check this box to indicate that you would like beman members to merge the PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More over, you can check this box to indicate that you would like the Beman members to merge the PR
```

for you when appropropriate reviews have passed.

> Please note that stale PR may still be merged by a beman member,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that stale PR may still be merged by a Beman member,
```

if you need significant time to work on your PR,
leave a comment and change it's status to closed or draft.
-->

> - [ ] If this PR is approved, beman members can merge this PR for me.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If this PR is approved, Beman members can merge this PR for me.
```
